Docs for Inbox (#16494)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/posthog-code/inbox.mdx

---
title: Getting started with Inbox
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

import { QuestLog, QuestLogItem } from 'components/Docs/QuestLog'
import OSButton from 'components/OSButton'

> PostHog **Inbox** is your command center for self-driving development. It uses signals from your production data – like error spikes, user complaints, and session anomalies – to automatically research issues, write code fixes, and open pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog **Inbox** is your command center for self-driving development. It uses product data to generate signals like error spikes, user complaints, and session anomalies. These signals enable you to automatically research issues, write code fixes, and open pull requests.
```

Readability. Also – is so over used by AI :P

Author: Damn, I did one search-and-replace for the em-dash, another tweak set me back 😄

    Learn about prioritization
  </OSButton>

</QuestLogItem>

<QuestLogItem
    title="Audit Agent Research"
    subtitle="Recommended"
    icon="IconMagnifyingGlass"
>

  For actionable reports, an AI agent automatically performs a **Research Task**. It uses the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](/docs/ai-engineering/mcp) to search your codebase and identify the exact lines of code causing the issue.

  You can audit the agent's logs to see exactly how it navigated your repo and reached its conclusions.

  <OSButton variant="primary" asLink to="/docs/posthog-code/inbox-research">
    See how agents research
  </OSButton>

</QuestLogItem>

<QuestLogItem
    title="Merge your first PR"
    subtitle="The Goal"
    icon="IconRocket"
>

  When research is complete, the agent executes an **Implementation Task**: cloning your repo, creating a branch, and opening a GitHub PR.

  Each PR includes an AI-generated description of the problem and the change. Your job is simply to review the code in GitHub and click **Merge**.

  <OSButton variant="primary" asLink to="/docs/posthog-code/inbox-research#implementation-tasks">
    Review the PR workflow
  </OSButton>

</QuestLogItem>

</QuestLog>

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: I love love love this page. We can have the Next steps as a quest log entry, too. I think it'll look weird otherwise.
